[CC-5719] Add support for builtin global-read-only policy (#18319)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/security/acl/acl-policies.mdx

The `global-management` policy grants unrestricted privileges to any token linked to it. The policy is assigned the reserved ID of `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001`. You can rename the global management policy, but Consul will prevent you from modifying any other attributes, including the rule set and datacenter scope.

### Global Read-Only

> The `builtin/global-read-only` policy grants unrestricted _read-only_ privileges to any token linked to it. The policy is assigned the reserved ID of `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000002`. You can rename the global read-only policy, but Consul will prevent you from modifying any other attributes, including the rule set and datacenter scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `builtin/global-read-only` policy grants unrestricted _read-only_ privileges to any token linked to it. The policy is assigned the reserved ID of `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000002`. You can rename the global read-only policy, but Consul prevents you from modifying any other attributes, including the rule set and datacenter scope.
```
Per the style guide, we should use present tense.

Author: Good catch, I didn't know that. I actually copy-pasted from the above description 😬 Should I change that one as well?
